Release: 7.0.0 (#5842)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/testing/releases/700.md

1. Ensure your store has multiple shipping methods setup
2. Add something to your cart that requires shipping
3. Go to the cart block
4. Select a shipping option. Confirm the UI updates instantly, and the option remains checked once totals are updated
5. Open 2 tabs with a cart block in each
6. In tab 1, select a shipping method
7. In tab 2, change an item qty. Confirm that once the update completes, the correct shipping method is selected.

### Cart and Checkout: Appender button overlap ([5801](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5801))

1. Open up a page with the Checkout block in the editor
2. Select the “Wide Width” option
3. Confirm that the "Place Order" button and the "Add Block" button at the bottom of the block don't overlap
4. Confirm that in the right hand side bar, the total price doesn't overlap with the "Add block" button
5. Also check the Cart block that the insert inner block buttons don't overlap

### Fix button hover and focus states ([5712](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5712))

> 1. Checkout the branch

Reviewer: I would remove this line.

2. Create test pages for cart, mini cart, and checkout blocks.

> 3. In each page check the hover and focus styles for the `View my cart`, `Go to checkout`, `Proceed to Checkout`, and `Place Order` buttons.

Reviewer: And remove Mini Cart references from here: :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
2. Create test pages for cart and checkout blocks.
3. In each page check the hover and focus styles for the `Proceed to Checkout`, and `Place Order` buttons.
```
